In this course, we're going to cover a series of five lessons,
and the first lesson what we're going to do is,
we're going to just get properly set up, introduce the conversation,
talk about confirmation, and get everything
properly tested and verified so that we can do our work.
Now in lesson two,
we're going to talk about diagrams.
Obviously in the real world,
you're going to have a lot of diagrams showing cloud architecture,
and I want you to be able to understand those completely from the ground up.
With that knowledge, then we can go to lesson three,
where we're actually going to go ahead and take that diagram and turn it
into a script or as we call it, Infrastructure as Code.
Lesson four is going to be a continuation of lesson three,
where after we have deployed the networking components,
we're going to actually deployed our servers on top of that infrastructure.
Finally in lesson five,
we're going to have additional services that
are going to help you build your final project,
such as databases and storage services that you're
going to use along with your final project.